
CFCount.cpp

	LLVM 3.7 pass that creates a model of a specific execution path of a C
	program as a Z3Py script. Adds additional statments to the script so that when
	it is executed it bit-blasts the model and converts it from SMT to Z3's
	internal representation for SAT.

	Required Arguments:

		<trace file>	
			Trace file indicating what path in the program is being
			modeled

		<z3 file> 
			Name of the resulting Z3Py file that converts path
			conditions to Z3's SAT format

		<bounds file>
			File indicating the upper and lower bounds of input
			variables in the program being modeled

		<bool file>
			File to track the name of boolean variables created in
			the model (needed later when converting Z3's output to 
			standard SAT format, CNF

CMakeLists.txt
	
	Build information used by LLVM

example/

	Directory containing an example run of CFCount all the way from the original
	C program to the resulting count of inputs that trigger a specific path

	Files:
	
		<example.c>
			Simple C program that is being counted

		<input>
			Input that triggers the path that is 
			modeled/counted from example.c

		<orig_trace>
			File containing the output of executing 
			example.c (after being instrumented by Tracer)
			on input

		<clean_trace>
			A formated version of orig_trace that removes
			all non-trace information. (Accomplished by
			using scripts/clean_trace.py)

		<z3_out.py>
			The generated Z3Py that models the specific path of
			example.c. When executed produces the internal
			Z3 SAT representation for the conditions modeling
			the path.

		<bounds>
			File indicating the upper and lower bounds of the
			only input variable in example.c, x

		<bools>
			File generated by the LLVM pass that records all 
			the bools created when modeling in Z3Py.

		<out>
			The result of executing z3_out.py. This is Z3's
			SAT encoding for the path executed in example.c

		<example.cnf>
			The standard CNF encoding (used by the majority of
			SAT solvers) for the path executed in example.c.
			(Accomplished by using scripts/convert.py)

		<count>
			The result of giving example.cnf as input to
			the state of the art model counter sharpSAT.
			The report states that there are 95 inputs that
			trigger the specific path.

		<models.py>
			Z3Py script that models operations on arrays
			with up to 35 elements. Generated by using
			scripts/create_array_models.py

scripts/

	<clean_trace.py>
		Python script that removes all stdout messages from the
		trace generated by the Tracer pass

	<convert.py>
		Converts Z3's interanl representation for SAT to the
		more commonly used CNF encoding

	<create_array_models.py>
		Generates a Z3Py script that models arrays and their
		operations up to a given size. 

			
				

		
		
